docs: tw691-arbitrum-chain-restructure (#3341)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: docs/launch-arbitrum-chain/chain-config/data-availability/deploy-das.mdx

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
import S3Parameters from '../../partials/config-snippets/_s3-parameters.mdx';
import LocalFilesParameters from '../../partials/config-snippets/_local-files-parameters.mdx';
import GoogleCloudStorageParameters from '../../partials/config-snippets/_gcs-parameters.mdx';

> import LocalBadgerDBParameters from '../../partials/code-snippets/_local-badger-db-parameters.mdx';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import LocalBadgerDBParameters from '../../partials/config-snippets/_local-badger-db-parameters.mdx';
```

1. Prevent the main DAS from having to serve requests for data, allowing it to focus only on storing the data received.
2. Provide resiliency to the network in the case of a DAS going down.

> Find information about how to setup a mirror DAS in [How to deploy a mirror DAS](/launch-arbitrum-chain/chain-config/data-availability/deploy-mirror-das.mdx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find information about how to set up a mirror DAS in [How to deploy a mirror DAS](/launch-arbitrum-chain/chain-config/data-availability/deploy-mirror-das.mdx).
```
